# CS-255-System-Analysis-and-Design
Module Eight Journal
Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The driverPass project was a two-part project that took different types of information to outlay requirements and examples of system design through various diagrams which are shown through documents and a PowerPoint presentation. The client was driverPass who wanted a cloud-based system that would help student drivers prepare for their drivers’ test. They wanted this system to allow for testing, studying, and make reservations for behind the wheel practice. The system would allow everyone to have their own user accounts with different user types to have different levels of access to the website from students all the way to the boss who would have full access. They also wanted specifics on their website like account information, photo, notes, and test progress. All of this was to be online based and have built in security measures. These systems and driverPass’s goal were to create an internet space where students could get extra needed practice for their drivers test both the written and behind the wheel portion.

What did you do particularly well?
What I felt like I did well was getting the driver passes wants and needs and pulling the information from the interview for input into the business requirements document. I was able to understand driverPass’s wants and then summarize it in bullet point and short sentence form. This would help driverPass and the software team easily read the requirements needed for the program to run well and driverPass be happy. This also showed driverPass that we understood everything they wanted and gave them an opportunity to see their thoughts in a short but clear form.

If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
One part I would choose to revise, or change would be the diagrams, I feel that some of them were great such as the activity diagrams and the use case diagrams, but I feel that I could revise the sequence and UML class diagrams better. The improvements I would make is first getting a better understanding of how to set up each diagram and then laying them out and then starting to figure out where each portion of it goes. AS I knew what the different portions of the use cases, objects are just how to lay them out and implement them together. So overall I would have just tried to get a better understanding of what is being asked and then taken a slower approach to really perfect each diagram, but overall, I believe they met the requirements they could have just been perfected a little bit more. 

How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
When understanding the user’s needs, I took what driverPass wanted from there system and then thought about how that would affect the user. When understanding both of those it easy to take what driverPass wanted and then implement it in a way where it would then meet the users needs while keeping them both happy. This is so important because although the product owner is the one who makes the decisions its always important to think of the end suer as well so that you can meet both of there needs. As the user is the one who will directly interact with the system its importance to meet there needs because if the needs aren’t met the users will go to another product and driverPass will fail in what their goal was, this is ultimately the reason why the users need are so important.

How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
I will now approach designing software much slower and more technical. The techniques I would sue is the same as used for driverPass first having a conversation about what they want and making notes about each specific they want, after this is asking questions and glorifying what they want, and asking additional questions about extra parts they would want that they might not have though of before. After this is done is when I would fill out the business requirements document, and the systems design documents or a version of them which will helps to guide the development and show progress. The documents will also help the creation of the different diagrams needed to help create initial visual diagram to help the software teams implement those designs in the code they create.  All these steps help to start from least complex to most complex but help to guide each step in the project in analyzing and designing a project.
